# openapisdk

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### Gradle

```groovy
implementation 'openapisdk:openapisdk:0.0.1'
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```java
package hello.world;

import openapisdk.SDK;
import openapisdk.models.shared.Security;

public class Application {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        try {
            SDK.Builder builder = SDK.builder();

            builder.setSecurity(
                new Security() {{
                    hmac = new SchemeHmac() {{
                        apiKey = "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE";
                    }};
                }}
            );

            SDK sdk = builder.build();

            AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateRequest req = new AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateRequest() {{
                headers = new AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateHeaders() {{
                    xAmzAlgorithm = "dolore";
                    xAmzContentSha256 = "eveniet";
                    xAmzCredential = "aut";
                    xAmzDate = "velit";
                    xAmzSecurityToken = "omnis";
                    xAmzSignature = "amet";
                    xAmzSignedHeaders = "numquam";
                    xAmzTarget = "ServiceQuotasV20190624.AssociateServiceQuotaTemplate";
                }};
                request = new java.util.HashMap<String, Object>() {{
                    put("ex", "id");
                    put("ea", "non");
                    put("non", "quam");
                }};
            }};

            AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateResponse res = sdk.associateServiceQuotaTemplate(req);

            if (res.associateServiceQuotaTemplateResponse.isPresent()) {
                // handle response
            }
        } catch (Exception e) {
            // handle exception
        }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `associateServiceQuotaTemplate` - Associates your quota request template with your organization. When a new account is created in your organization, the quota increase requests in the template are automatically applied to the account. You can add a quota increase request for any adjustable quota to your template.
* `deleteServiceQuotaIncreaseRequestFromTemplate` - Deletes the quota increase request for the specified quota from your quota request template.
* `disassociateServiceQuotaTemplate` - Disables your quota request template. After a template is disabled, the quota increase requests in the template are not applied to new accounts in your organization. Disabling a quota request template does not apply its quota increase requests.
* `getAwsDefaultServiceQuota` - Retrieves the default value for the specified quota. The default value does not reflect any quota increases.
* `getAssociationForServiceQuotaTemplate` - Retrieves the status of the association for the quota request template.
* `getRequestedServiceQuotaChange` - Retrieves information about the specified quota increase request.
* `getServiceQuota` - Retrieves the applied quota value for the specified quota. For some quotas, only the default values are available. If the applied quota value is not available for a quota, the quota is not retrieved.
* `getServiceQuotaIncreaseRequestFromTemplate` - Retrieves information about the specified quota increase request in your quota request template.
* `listAwsDefaultServiceQuotas` - Lists the default values for the quotas for the specified AWS service. A default value does not reflect any quota increases.
* `listRequestedServiceQuotaChangeHistory` - Retrieves the quota increase requests for the specified service.
* `listRequestedServiceQuotaChangeHistoryByQuota` - Retrieves the quota increase requests for the specified quota.
* `listServiceQuotaIncreaseRequestsInTemplate` - Lists the quota increase requests in the specified quota request template.
* `listServiceQuotas` - Lists the applied quota values for the specified AWS service. For some quotas, only the default values are available. If the applied quota value is not available for a quota, the quota is not retrieved.
* `listServices` - Lists the names and codes for the services integrated with Service Quotas.
* `listTagsForResource` - Returns a list of the tags assigned to the specified applied quota.
* `putServiceQuotaIncreaseRequestIntoTemplate` - Adds a quota increase request to your quota request template.
* `requestServiceQuotaIncrease` - Submits a quota increase request for the specified quota.
* `tagResource` - Adds tags to the specified applied quota. You can include one or more tags to add to the quota.
* `untagResource` - Removes tags from the specified applied quota. You can specify one or more tags to remove.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
