# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory.git#subdirectory=SDKs/airbyte.local/config/1.0.0/python
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()


req = shared.SaveStatsRequestBody(
    attempt_number=548814,
    job_id=592845,
    stats=shared.AttemptStats(
        bytes_emitted=715190,
        estimated_bytes=844266,
        estimated_records=602763,
        records_committed=857946,
        records_emitted=544883,
        state_messages_emitted=847252,
    ),
    stream_stats=[
        shared.AttemptStreamStats(
            stats=shared.AttemptStats(
                bytes_emitted=623564,
                estimated_bytes=645894,
                estimated_records=384382,
                records_committed=437587,
                records_emitted=297534,
                state_messages_emitted=891773,
            ),
            stream_name="ipsa",
            stream_namespace="delectus",
        ),
        shared.AttemptStreamStats(
            stats=shared.AttemptStats(
                bytes_emitted=272656,
                estimated_bytes=383441,
                estimated_records=477665,
                records_committed=791725,
                records_emitted=812169,
                state_messages_emitted=528895,
            ),
            stream_name="iusto",
            stream_namespace="excepturi",
        ),
    ],
)
    
res = s.attempt.save_stats(req)

if res.internal_operation_result is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## Available Resources and Operations


### attempt

* `save_stats` - For worker to set sync stats of a running attempt.
* `save_sync_config` - For worker to save the AttemptSyncConfig for an attempt.
* `set_workflow_in_attempt` - For worker to register the workflow id in attempt.

### connection

* `create_connection` - Create a connection between a source and a destination
* `delete_connection` - Delete a connection
* `get_connection` - Get a connection
* `list_all_connections_for_workspace` - Returns all connections for a workspace, including deleted connections.
* `list_connections_for_workspace` - Returns all connections for a workspace.
* `reset_connection` - Reset the data for the connection. Deletes data generated by the connection in the destination. Resets any cursors back to initial state.
* `search_connections` - Search connections
* `sync_connection` - Trigger a manual sync of the connection
* `update_connection` - Update a connection

### destination

* `check_connection_to_destination` - Check connection to the destination
* `check_connection_to_destination_for_update` - Check connection for a proposed update to a destination
* `clone_destination` - Clone destination
* `create_destination` - Create a destination
* `delete_destination` - Delete the destination
* `get_destination` - Get configured destination
* `list_destinations_for_workspace` - List configured destinations for a workspace
* `search_destinations` - Search destinations
* `update_destination` - Update a destination

### destination_definition

* `create_custom_destination_definition` - Creates a custom destinationDefinition for the given workspace
* `delete_destination_definition` - Delete a destination definition
* `get_destination_definition` - Get destinationDefinition
* `get_destination_definition_for_workspace` - Get a destinationDefinition that is configured for the given workspace
* `grant_destination_definition_to_workspace` - grant a private, non-custom destinationDefinition to a given workspace
* `list_destination_definitions` - List all the destinationDefinitions the current Airbyte deployment is configured to use
* `list_destination_definitions_for_workspace` - List all the destinationDefinitions the given workspace is configured to use
* `list_latest_destination_definitions` - List the latest destinationDefinitions Airbyte supports
* `list_private_destination_definitions` - List all private, non-custom destinationDefinitions, and for each indicate whether the given workspace has a grant for using the definition. Used by admins to view and modify a given workspace's grants.
* `revoke_destination_definition_from_workspace` - revoke a grant to a private, non-custom destinationDefinition from a given workspace
* `update_destination_definition` - Update destinationDefinition

### destination_definition_specification

* `get_destination_definition_specification` - Get specification for a destinationDefinition

### destination_oauth

* `complete_destination_o_auth` - Given a destination def ID generate an access/refresh token etc.
* `get_destination_o_auth_consent` - Given a destination connector definition ID, return the URL to the consent screen where to redirect the user to.
* `set_instancewide_destination_oauth_params` - Sets instancewide variables to be used for the oauth flow when creating this destination. When set, these variables will be injected into a connector's configuration before any interaction with the connector image itself. This enables running oauth flows with consistent variables e.g: the company's Google Ads developer_token, client_id, and client_secret without the user having to know about these variables.


### health

* `get_health_check` - Health Check

### internal

* `create_or_update_state` - Create or update the state for a connection.
* `get_attempt_normalization_statuses_for_job` - Get normalization status to determine if we can bypass normalization phase
* `save_stats` - For worker to set sync stats of a running attempt.
* `save_sync_config` - For worker to save the AttemptSyncConfig for an attempt.
* `set_workflow_in_attempt` - For worker to register the workflow id in attempt.
* `write_discover_catalog_result` - Should only called from worker, to write result from discover activity back to DB.

### jobs

* `cancel_job` - Cancels a job
* `get_attempt_normalization_statuses_for_job` - Get normalization status to determine if we can bypass normalization phase
* `get_job_debug_info` - Gets all information needed to debug this job
* `get_job_info` - Get information about a job
* `get_job_info_light` - Get information about a job excluding attempt info and logs
* `get_last_replication_job`
* `list_jobs_for` - Returns recent jobs for a connection. Jobs are returned in descending order by createdAt.

### logs

* `get_logs` - Get logs

### notifications

* `try_notification_config` - Try sending a notifications

### openapi

* `get_open_api_spec` - Returns the openapi specification

### operation

* `check_operation` - Check if an operation to be created is valid
* `create_operation` - Create an operation to be applied as part of a connection pipeline
* `delete_operation` - Delete an operation
* `get_operation` - Returns an operation
* `list_operations_for_connection` - Returns all operations for a connection.
* `update_operation` - Update an operation

### scheduler

* `execute_destination_check_connection` - Run check connection for a given destination configuration
* `execute_source_check_connection` - Run check connection for a given source configuration
* `execute_source_discover_schema` - Run discover schema for a given source a source configuration

### source

* `check_connection_to_source` - Check connection to the source
* `check_connection_to_source_for_update` - Check connection for a proposed update to a source
* `clone_source` - Clone source
* `create_source` - Create a source
* `delete_source` - Delete a source
* `discover_schema_for_source` - Discover the schema catalog of the source
* `get_most_recent_source_actor_catalog` - Get most recent ActorCatalog for source
* `get_source` - Get source
* `list_sources_for_workspace` - List sources for workspace
* `search_sources` - Search sources
* `update_source` - Update a source
* `write_discover_catalog_result` - Should only called from worker, to write result from discover activity back to DB.

### source_definition

* `create_custom_source_definition` - Creates a custom sourceDefinition for the given workspace
* `delete_source_definition` - Delete a source definition
* `get_source_definition` - Get source
* `get_source_definition_for_workspace` - Get a sourceDefinition that is configured for the given workspace
* `grant_source_definition_to_workspace` - grant a private, non-custom sourceDefinition to a given workspace
* `list_latest_source_definitions` - List the latest sourceDefinitions Airbyte supports
* `list_private_source_definitions` - List all private, non-custom sourceDefinitions, and for each indicate whether the given workspace has a grant for using the definition. Used by admins to view and modify a given workspace's grants.
* `list_source_definitions` - List all the sourceDefinitions the current Airbyte deployment is configured to use
* `list_source_definitions_for_workspace` - List all the sourceDefinitions the given workspace is configured to use
* `revoke_source_definition_from_workspace` - revoke a grant to a private, non-custom sourceDefinition from a given workspace
* `update_source_definition` - Update a sourceDefinition

### source_definition_specification

* `get_source_definition_specification` - Get specification for a SourceDefinition.

### source_oauth

* `complete_source_o_auth` - Given a source def ID generate an access/refresh token etc.
* `get_source_o_auth_consent` - Given a source connector definition ID, return the URL to the consent screen where to redirect the user to.
* `set_instancewide_source_oauth_params` - Sets instancewide variables to be used for the oauth flow when creating this source. When set, these variables will be injected into a connector's configuration before any interaction with the connector image itself. This enables running oauth flows with consistent variables e.g: the company's Google Ads developer_token, client_id, and client_secret without the user having to know about these variables.


### state

* `create_or_update_state` - Create or update the state for a connection.
* `get_state` - Fetch the current state for a connection.

### web_backend

* `get_state_type` - Fetch the current state type for a connection.
* `web_backend_check_updates` - Returns a summary of source and destination definitions that could be updated.
* `web_backend_create_connection` - Create a connection
* `web_backend_get_connection` - Get a connection
* `web_backend_get_workspace_state` - Returns the current state of a workspace
* `web_backend_list_connections_for_workspace` - Returns all non-deleted connections for a workspace.
* `web_backend_list_geographies` - Returns available geographies can be selected to run data syncs in a particular geography.
The 'auto' entry indicates that the sync will be automatically assigned to a geography according
to the platform default behavior. Entries other than 'auto' are two-letter country codes that
follow the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 standard.

* `web_backend_update_connection` - Update a connection

### workspace

* `create_workspace` - Creates a workspace
* `delete_workspace` - Deletes a workspace
* `get_workspace` - Find workspace by ID
* `get_workspace_by_connection_id` - Find workspace by connection id
* `get_workspace_by_slug` - Find workspace by slug
* `list_workspaces` - List all workspaces registered in the current Airbyte deployment
* `update_workspace` - Update workspace state
* `update_workspace_feedback` - Update workspace feedback state
* `update_workspace_name` - Update workspace name
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### Maturity

This SDK is in beta, and there may be breaking changes between versions without a major version update. Therefore, we recommend pinning usage
to a specific package version. This way, you can install the same version each time without breaking changes unless you are intentionally
looking for the latest version.

### Contributions

While we value open-source contributions to this SDK, this library is generated programmatically.
Feel free to open a PR or a Github issue as a proof of concept and we'll do our best to include it in a future release !

### SDK Created by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
