# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    opts := []sdk.SDKOption{
        sdk.WithSecurity(
            shared.Security{
                ApimKey: shared.SchemeApimKey{
                    APIKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
                },
            }
        ),
    }

    s := sdk.New(opts...)
    
    req := operations.GetDomainRequest{
        PathParams: operations.GetDomainPathParams{
            DomainID: "sit",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.DomainsAPI.GetDomain(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.Domain != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### DomainsApi

* `GetDomain` - Get information about a specific domain.
* `GetDomains` - Get a list of the available domains.

### ImageApi

* `CreateImagesFromData` - Add the provided images to the set of training images.
* `DeleteImageRegions` - Delete a set of image regions.
* `DeleteImageTags` - Remove a set of tags from a set of images.
* `DeleteImages` - Delete images from the set of training images.
* `GetImagesByIds` - Get images by id for a given project iteration.
* `GetTaggedImageCount` - Gets the number of images tagged with the provided {tagIds}.
* `GetTaggedImages` - Get tagged images for a given project iteration.
* `GetUntaggedImageCount` - Gets the number of untagged images.
* `GetUntaggedImages` - Get untagged images for a given project iteration.
* `QuerySuggestedImageCount` - Get count of images whose suggested tags match given tags and their probabilities are greater than or equal to the given threshold. Returns count as 0 if none found.
* `QuerySuggestedImages` - Get untagged images whose suggested tags match given tags. Returns empty array if no images are found.

### ImageRegionProposalApi

* `GetImageRegionProposals` - Get region proposals for an image. Returns empty array if no proposals are found.

### PredictionsApi

* `DeletePrediction` - Delete a set of predicted images and their associated prediction results.
* `QuickTestImage` - Quick test an image.
* `QuickTestImageURL` - Quick test an image url.

### ProjectApi

* `CreateProject` - Create a project.
* `DeleteIteration` - Delete a specific iteration of a project.
* `DeleteProject` - Delete a specific project.
* `ExportIteration` - Export a trained iteration.
* `ExportProject` - Exports a project.
* `GetExports` - Get the list of exports for a specific iteration.
* `GetImagePerformanceCount` - Gets the number of images tagged with the provided {tagIds} that have prediction results from
training for the provided iteration {iterationId}.
* `GetImagePerformances` - Get image with its prediction for a given project iteration.
* `GetIteration` - Get a specific iteration.
* `GetIterationPerformance` - Get detailed performance information about an iteration.
* `GetIterations` - Get iterations for the project.
* `GetProject` - Get a specific project.
* `GetProjects` - Get your projects.
* `ImportProject` - Imports a project.
* `PublishIteration` - Publish a specific iteration.
* `TrainProject` - Queues project for training.
* `UnpublishIteration` - Unpublish a specific iteration.
* `UpdateIteration` - Update a specific iteration.

### SuggestTagsAndRegionsApi

* `SuggestTagsAndRegions` - Suggest tags and regions for an array/batch of untagged images. Returns empty array if no tags are found.

### TagsApi

* `CreateTag` - Create a tag for the project.
* `DeleteTag` - Delete a tag from the project.
* `GetTag` - Get information about a specific tag.
* `GetTags` - Get the tags for a given project and iteration.
* `UpdateTag` - Update a tag.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
