# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory.git#subdirectory=SDKs/ebay.com/sell-fulfillment/v1.19.19/python
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()


req = operations.GetOrderRequest(
    field_groups="corrupti",
    order_id="provident",
)
    
res = s.order.get_order(req, operations.GetOrderSecurity(
    api_auth="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
))

if res.order is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## Available Resources and Operations


### order

* `get_order` - Use this call to retrieve the contents of an order based on its unique identifier, <i>orderId</i>. This value was returned in the <b> getOrders</b> call's <b>orders.orderId</b> field when you searched for orders by creation date, modification date, or fulfillment status. Include the optional <b>fieldGroups</b> query parameter set to <code>TAX_BREAKDOWN</code> to return a breakdown of the taxes and fees. <br><br> The returned <b>Order</b> object contains information you can use to create and process fulfillments, including: <ul> <li>Information about the buyer and seller</li> <li>Information about the order's line items</li> <li> The plans for packaging, addressing and shipping the order</li> <li>The status of payment, packaging, addressing, and shipping the order</li> <li>A summary of monetary amounts specific to the order such as pricing, payments, and shipping costs</li> <li>A summary of applied taxes and fees, and optionally a breakdown of each </li></ul>
* `get_orders` - Use this call to search for and retrieve one or more orders based on their creation date, last modification date, or fulfillment status using the <b>filter</b> parameter. You can alternatively specify a list of orders using the <b>orderIds</b> parameter. Include the optional <b>fieldGroups</b> query parameter set to <code>TAX_BREAKDOWN</code> to return a breakdown of the taxes and fees. <br><br> The returned <b>Order</b> objects contain information you can use to create and process fulfillments, including: <ul> <li>Information about the buyer and seller</li> <li>Information about the order's line items</li> <li>The plans for packaging, addressing and shipping the order</li> <li>The status of payment, packaging, addressing, and shipping the order</li> <li>A summary of monetary amounts specific to the order such as pricing, payments, and shipping costs</li> <li>A summary of applied taxes and fees, and optionally a breakdown of each </li></ul> <br><br> <span class="tablenote"><strong>Important:</strong> In this call, the <b>cancelStatus.cancelRequests</b> array is returned but is always empty. Use the <b>getOrder</b> call instead, which returns this array fully populated with information about any cancellation requests.</span>
* `issue_refund` - Issue Refund

### payment_dispute

* `accept_payment_dispute` - Accept Payment Dispute
* `add_evidence` - Add an Evidence File
* `contest_payment_dispute` - Contest Payment Dispute
* `fetch_evidence_content` - Get Payment Dispute Evidence File
* `get_activities` - Get Payment Dispute Activity
* `get_payment_dispute` - Get Payment Dispute Details
* `get_payment_dispute_summaries` - Search Payment Dispute by Filters
* `update_evidence` - Update evidence
* `upload_evidence_file` - Upload an Evidence File

### shipping_fulfillment

* `create_shipping_fulfillment` - When you group an order's line items into one or more packages, each package requires a corresponding plan for handling, addressing, and shipping; this is a <i>shipping fulfillment</i>. For each package, execute this call once to generate a shipping fulfillment associated with that package. <br><br> <span class="tablenote"><strong>Note:</strong> A single line item in an order can consist of multiple units of a purchased item, and one unit can consist of multiple parts or components. Although these components might be provided by the manufacturer in separate packaging, the seller must include all components of a given line item in the same package.</span> <br><br>Before using this call for a given package, you must determine which line items are in the package. If the package has been shipped, you should provide the date of shipment in the request. If not provided, it will default to the current date and time.
* `get_shipping_fulfillment` - Use this call to retrieve the contents of a fulfillment based on its unique identifier, <b>fulfillmentId</b> (combined with the associated order's <b>orderId</b>). The <b>fulfillmentId</b> value was originally generated by the <b>createShippingFulfillment</b> call, and is returned by the <b>getShippingFulfillments</b> call in the <b>members.fulfillmentId</b> field.
* `get_shipping_fulfillments` - Use this call to retrieve the contents of all fulfillments currently defined for a specified order based on the order's unique identifier, <b>orderId</b>. This value is returned in the <b>getOrders</b> call's <b>members.orderId</b> field when you search for orders by creation date or shipment status.
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### Maturity

This SDK is in beta, and there may be breaking changes between versions without a major version update. Therefore, we recommend pinning usage
to a specific package version. This way, you can install the same version each time without breaking changes unless you are intentionally
looking for the latest version.

### Contributions

While we value open-source contributions to this SDK, this library is generated programmatically.
Feel free to open a PR or a Github issue as a proof of concept and we'll do our best to include it in a future release !

### SDK Created by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
