# itemGroup

### Available Operations

* [getItemGroupFeed](#getitemgroupfeed) - <p>This method lets you download a TSV_GZIP (tab separated value gzip) <b> Item Group</b> feed file. An item group is an item that has various aspect differences, such as color, size, storage capacity, etc. </p> <p>There are two types of item group feed files generated: <ul> <li>A daily <b>Item Group</b> feed file containing the item group variation information associated with items returned in the <a href="/api-docs/buy/feed/resources/item/methods/getItemFeed">Item</a> feed file for a specific day, category, and marketplace. (<b>feed_scope</b> = <code>NEWLY_LISTED</code>)</li>  <li>A weekly <b>Item Group Bootstrap</b> feed file containing all the item group variation information associated with items returned in the <a href="/api-docs/buy/feed/resources/item/methods/getItemFeed">Item Bootstrap</a> feed file for all the items in a specific category.  (<b>feed_scope</b> = <code>ALL_ACTIVE</code>)</li>  </ul></p>  <p><span class="tablenote"><b>Note: </b>  Filters are applied to the feed files. For details, see <a href="/api-docs/buy/static/api-feed.html#feed-filters">Feed File Filters</a>.  When curating the items returned, be sure to code as if these filters are not applied as they can be changed or removed in the future.</span></p>    <p>The contents of these feed files are based on the contents of the corresponding daily <b> Item</b> or <b>Item Bootstrap</b> feed file. When a new <b> Item</b> or <b>Item Bootstrap</b> feed file is generated, the service reads the file and if an item in the file has a <b> primaryItemGroupId</b> value, which indicates the item is part of an item group, it uses that value to return the item group (parent item) information for that item in the corresponding <b> Item Group</b> or <b> Item Group Bootstrap</b> feed file.</p>  <p>  This information includes the  name/value pair of the aspects of the items in this group returned in the <b> variesByLocalizedAspects </b> column. For example, if the item was a shirt some of the variation names could be Size, Color, etc. Also the images for the various aspects are returned in the <b>additionalImageUrls</b> column.</p>              <p>The first line in any feed file is the header, which labels the columns and indicates the order of the values on each line.  Each header is described in the <a href="/api-docs/buy/feed/resources/item_group/methods/getItemGroupFeed#h3-response-fields">Response fields</a> section.</p>                                  <h3><b>Combining the Item Group and Item feed files</b></h3>              <p>The <b> Item Group</b> or <b> Item Group Bootstrap</b> feed file contains details about the item group (parent item), including the item group ID <b> itemGroupId</b>.  You match the value of <b> itemGroupId</b> from the <b> Item Group</b> feed file with the value of <b> primaryItemGroupId</b> from the corresponding daily <b> Item</b> or <b>Item Bootstrap</b> feed file.</p><h3><b>Downloading feed files </b></h3>                          <p>Item Group feed files are binary gzip files. If the file is larger than 100 MB, the download must be streamed in chunks. You specify the size of the chunks in bytes using the <a href="#range-header">Range</a> request header. The <a href="#content-range">content-range</a> response header indicates where in the full resource this partial chunk of data belongs  and the total number of bytes in the file.       For more information about using these headers, see <a href="/api-docs/{swift-folder}/buy/static/api-feed_beta.html#retrv-gzip">Retrieving a gzip feed file</a>. </p>                 <p><span class="tablenote">  <b> Note:</b>  A successful call will always return a TSV.GZIP file; however, unsuccessful calls generate errors that are returned in JSON format. For documentation purposes, the successful call response is shown below as JSON fields so that the value returned in each column can be explained. The order of the response fields shows the order of the columns in the feed file.</span>          </p>                        <h3><b>Restrictions </b></h3>                        <p>For a list of supported sites and other restrictions, see <a href="/api-docs/{swift-folder}/buy/feed/overview.html#API">API Restrictions</a>.  </p>

## getItemGroupFeed

<p>This method lets you download a TSV_GZIP (tab separated value gzip) <b> Item Group</b> feed file. An item group is an item that has various aspect differences, such as color, size, storage capacity, etc. </p> <p>There are two types of item group feed files generated: <ul> <li>A daily <b>Item Group</b> feed file containing the item group variation information associated with items returned in the <a href="/api-docs/buy/feed/resources/item/methods/getItemFeed">Item</a> feed file for a specific day, category, and marketplace. (<b>feed_scope</b> = <code>NEWLY_LISTED</code>)</li>  <li>A weekly <b>Item Group Bootstrap</b> feed file containing all the item group variation information associated with items returned in the <a href="/api-docs/buy/feed/resources/item/methods/getItemFeed">Item Bootstrap</a> feed file for all the items in a specific category.  (<b>feed_scope</b> = <code>ALL_ACTIVE</code>)</li>  </ul></p>  <p><span class="tablenote"><b>Note: </b>  Filters are applied to the feed files. For details, see <a href="/api-docs/buy/static/api-feed.html#feed-filters">Feed File Filters</a>.  When curating the items returned, be sure to code as if these filters are not applied as they can be changed or removed in the future.</span></p>    <p>The contents of these feed files are based on the contents of the corresponding daily <b> Item</b> or <b>Item Bootstrap</b> feed file. When a new <b> Item</b> or <b>Item Bootstrap</b> feed file is generated, the service reads the file and if an item in the file has a <b> primaryItemGroupId</b> value, which indicates the item is part of an item group, it uses that value to return the item group (parent item) information for that item in the corresponding <b> Item Group</b> or <b> Item Group Bootstrap</b> feed file.</p>  <p>  This information includes the  name/value pair of the aspects of the items in this group returned in the <b> variesByLocalizedAspects </b> column. For example, if the item was a shirt some of the variation names could be Size, Color, etc. Also the images for the various aspects are returned in the <b>additionalImageUrls</b> column.</p>              <p>The first line in any feed file is the header, which labels the columns and indicates the order of the values on each line.  Each header is described in the <a href="/api-docs/buy/feed/resources/item_group/methods/getItemGroupFeed#h3-response-fields">Response fields</a> section.</p>                                  <h3><b>Combining the Item Group and Item feed files</b></h3>              <p>The <b> Item Group</b> or <b> Item Group Bootstrap</b> feed file contains details about the item group (parent item), including the item group ID <b> itemGroupId</b>.  You match the value of <b> itemGroupId</b> from the <b> Item Group</b> feed file with the value of <b> primaryItemGroupId</b> from the corresponding daily <b> Item</b> or <b>Item Bootstrap</b> feed file.</p><h3><b>Downloading feed files </b></h3>                          <p>Item Group feed files are binary gzip files. If the file is larger than 100 MB, the download must be streamed in chunks. You specify the size of the chunks in bytes using the <a href="#range-header">Range</a> request header. The <a href="#content-range">content-range</a> response header indicates where in the full resource this partial chunk of data belongs  and the total number of bytes in the file.       For more information about using these headers, see <a href="/api-docs/{swift-folder}/buy/static/api-feed_beta.html#retrv-gzip">Retrieving a gzip feed file</a>. </p>                 <p><span class="tablenote">  <b> Note:</b>  A successful call will always return a TSV.GZIP file; however, unsuccessful calls generate errors that are returned in JSON format. For documentation purposes, the successful call response is shown below as JSON fields so that the value returned in each column can be explained. The order of the response fields shows the order of the columns in the feed file.</span>          </p>                        <h3><b>Restrictions </b></h3>                        <p>For a list of supported sites and other restrictions, see <a href="/api-docs/{swift-folder}/buy/feed/overview.html#API">API Restrictions</a>.  </p>

### Example Usage

```java
package hello.world;

import org.openapis.openapi.SDK;
import org.openapis.openapi.models.operations.GetItemGroupFeedRequest;
import org.openapis.openapi.models.operations.GetItemGroupFeedResponse;
import org.openapis.openapi.models.operations.GetItemGroupFeedSecurity;

public class Application {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        try {
            SDK sdk = SDK.builder()
                .build();

            GetItemGroupFeedRequest req = new GetItemGroupFeedRequest("debitis", "ipsa", "delectus", "tempora") {{
                range = "suscipit";
                date = "molestiae";
            }};            

            GetItemGroupFeedResponse res = sdk.itemGroup.getItemGroupFeed(req, new GetItemGroupFeedSecurity("minus") {{
                clientCredentials = "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE";
            }});

            if (res.itemGroupResponse != null) {
                // handle response
            }
        } catch (Exception e) {
            // handle exception
        }
    }
}
```
