# openapisdk

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### Gradle

```groovy
implementation 'openapisdk:openapisdk:0.0.1'
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```java
package hello.world;

import openapisdk.SDK;
import openapisdk.models.shared.Security;

public class Application {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        try {
            SDK.Builder builder = SDK.builder();

            SDK sdk = builder.build();

            AdexchangebuyerAccountsGetRequest req = new AdexchangebuyerAccountsGetRequest() {{
                security = new AdexchangebuyerAccountsGetSecurity() {{
                    oauth2 = new SchemeOauth2() {{
                        authorization = "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE";
                    }};
                    oauth2c = new SchemeOauth2c() {{
                        authorization = "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE";
                    }};
                }};
                pathParams = new AdexchangebuyerAccountsGetPathParams() {{
                    id = 1379718715816540355;
                }};
                queryParams = new AdexchangebuyerAccountsGetQueryParams() {{
                    alt = "json";
                    fields = "magni";
                    key = "voluptas";
                    oauthToken = "odio";
                    prettyPrint = false;
                    quotaUser = "nostrum";
                    userIp = "et";
                }};
            }};

            AdexchangebuyerAccountsGetResponse res = sdk.accounts.adexchangebuyerAccountsGet(req);

            if (res.account.isPresent()) {
                // handle response
            }
        } catch (Exception e) {
            // handle exception
        }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### accounts

* `adexchangebuyerAccountsGet` - Gets one account by ID.
* `adexchangebuyerAccountsList` - Retrieves the authenticated user's list of accounts.
* `adexchangebuyerAccountsPatch` - Updates an existing account. This method supports patch semantics.
* `adexchangebuyerAccountsUpdate` - Updates an existing account.

### billingInfo

* `adexchangebuyerBillingInfoGet` - Returns the billing information for one account specified by account ID.
* `adexchangebuyerBillingInfoList` - Retrieves a list of billing information for all accounts of the authenticated user.

### budget

* `adexchangebuyerBudgetGet` - Returns the budget information for the adgroup specified by the accountId and billingId.
* `adexchangebuyerBudgetPatch` - Updates the budget amount for the budget of the adgroup specified by the accountId and billingId, with the budget amount in the request. This method supports patch semantics.
* `adexchangebuyerBudgetUpdate` - Updates the budget amount for the budget of the adgroup specified by the accountId and billingId, with the budget amount in the request.

### creatives

* `adexchangebuyerCreativesGet` - Gets the status for a single creative. A creative will be available 30-40 minutes after submission.
* `adexchangebuyerCreativesInsert` - Submit a new creative.
* `adexchangebuyerCreativesList` - Retrieves a list of the authenticated user's active creatives. A creative will be available 30-40 minutes after submission.

### directDeals

* `adexchangebuyerDirectDealsGet` - Gets one direct deal by ID.
* `adexchangebuyerDirectDealsList` - Retrieves the authenticated user's list of direct deals.

### performanceReport

* `adexchangebuyerPerformanceReportList` - Retrieves the authenticated user's list of performance metrics.

### pretargetingConfig

* `adexchangebuyerPretargetingConfigDelete` - Deletes an existing pretargeting config.
* `adexchangebuyerPretargetingConfigGet` - Gets a specific pretargeting configuration
* `adexchangebuyerPretargetingConfigInsert` - Inserts a new pretargeting configuration.
* `adexchangebuyerPretargetingConfigList` - Retrieves a list of the authenticated user's pretargeting configurations.
* `adexchangebuyerPretargetingConfigPatch` - Updates an existing pretargeting config. This method supports patch semantics.
* `adexchangebuyerPretargetingConfigUpdate` - Updates an existing pretargeting config.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
