# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory/SDKs/rawg.io/v1.0/go
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "log"
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()

    req := operations.CreatorRolesListRequest{
        QueryParams: operations.CreatorRolesListQueryParams{
            Page: 548814,
            PageSize: 592845,
        },
    }

    ctx := context.Background()
    res, err := s.CreatorRoles.CreatorRolesList(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.CreatorRolesList200ApplicationJSONObject != nil {
        // handle response
    }
}
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations


### CreatorRoles

* `CreatorRolesList` - Get a list of creator positions (jobs).

### Creators

* `CreatorsList` - Get a list of game creators.
* `CreatorsRead` - Get details of the creator.

### Developers

* `DevelopersList` - Get a list of game developers.
* `DevelopersRead` - Get details of the developer.

### Games

* `GamesAchievementsRead` - Get a list of game achievements.
* `GamesAdditionsList` - Get a list of DLC's for the game, GOTY and other editions, companion apps, etc.
* `GamesDevelopmentTeamList` - Get a list of individual creators that were part of the development team.
* `GamesGameSeriesList` - Get a list of games that are part of the same series.
* `GamesList` - Get a list of games.
* `GamesMoviesRead` - Get a list of game trailers.
* `GamesParentGamesList` - Get a list of parent games for DLC's and editions.
* `GamesRead` - Get details of the game.
* `GamesRedditRead` - Get a list of most recent posts from the game's subreddit.
* `GamesScreenshotsList` - Get screenshots for the game.
* `GamesStoresList` - Get links to the stores that sell the game.
* `GamesSuggestedRead` - Get a list of visually similar games, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `GamesTwitchRead` - Get streams on Twitch associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `GamesYoutubeRead` - Get videos from YouTube associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.

### Genres

* `GenresList` - Get a list of video game genres.
* `GenresRead` - Get details of the genre.

### Platforms

* `PlatformsList` - Get a list of video game platforms.
* `PlatformsListsParentsList` - Get a list of parent platforms.
* `PlatformsRead` - Get details of the platform.

### Publishers

* `PublishersList` - Get a list of video game publishers.
* `PublishersRead` - Get details of the publisher.

### Stores

* `StoresList` - Get a list of video game storefronts.
* `StoresRead` - Get details of the store.

### Tags

* `TagsList` - Get a list of tags.
* `TagsRead` - Get details of the tag.
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
