# openapi/openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### Composer

To install the SDK first add the below to your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "repositories": [
        {
            "type": "github",
            "url": "<UNSET>.git"
        }
    ],
    "require": {
        "openapi/openapi": "*"
    }
}
```

Then run the following command:

```bash
composer update
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `queryForecast` - <p>Retrieves a forecast for a single item, filtered by the supplied criteria.</p> <p>The criteria is a key-value pair. The key is either <code>item_id</code> (or the equivalent non-timestamp, non-target field) from the <code>TARGET_TIME_SERIES</code> dataset, or one of the forecast dimensions specified as part of the <code>FeaturizationConfig</code> object.</p> <p>By default, <code>QueryForecast</code> returns the complete date range for the filtered forecast. You can request a specific date range.</p> <p>To get the full forecast, use the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/forecast/latest/dg/API_CreateForecastExportJob.html">CreateForecastExportJob</a> operation.</p> <note> <p>The forecasts generated by Amazon Forecast are in the same timezone as the dataset that was used to create the predictor.</p> </note>
* `queryWhatIfForecast` - Retrieves a what-if forecast.
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### Maturity

This SDK is in beta, and there may be breaking changes between versions without a major version update. Therefore, we recommend pinning usage
to a specific package version. This way, you can install the same version each time without breaking changes unless you are intentionally
looking for the latest version.

### Contributions

While we value open-source contributions to this SDK, this library is generated programmatically.
Feel free to open a PR or a Github issue as a proof of concept and we'll do our best to include it in a future release !

### SDK Created by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
