# openapisdk

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### Gradle

```groovy
implementation 'openapisdk:openapisdk:0.0.1'
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```java
package hello.world;

import openapisdk.SDK;
import openapisdk.models.shared.Security;

public class Application {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        try {
            SDK.Builder builder = SDK.builder();

            SDK sdk = builder.build();

            GetNumbersBaseRequest req = new GetNumbersBaseRequest() {{
                security = new GetNumbersBaseSecurity() {{
                    xMathtoolsApiSecret = new SchemeXMathtoolsApiSecret() {{
                        apiKey = "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE";
                    }};
                }};
                queryParams = new GetNumbersBaseQueryParams() {{
                    from = 8225399839890232258;
                    number = 3040496219467278628;
                    to = 2023755713546139166;
                }};
            }};

            GetNumbersBaseResponse res = sdk.baseConversion.getNumbersBase(req);

            if (res.statusCode == 200) {
                // handle response
            }
        } catch (Exception e) {
            // handle exception
        }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### Base Conversion

* `getNumbersBase` - Convert a given number from one base to another base
* `getNumbersBaseBinary` - Convert a given number to binary
* `getNumbersBaseHex` - Convert a given number to hexadecimal
* `getNumbersBaseOctal` - Convert a given number to octal

### Number Checks

* `getNumbersIsCube` - Checks whether a given number is a cube number or not.
* `getNumbersIsPalindrome` - Checks whether a given number is a palindrome number or not.
* `getNumbersIsSquare` - Checks whether a given number is a square number or not.
* `getNumbersIsTriangle` - Checks whether a given number is a triangle number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsFermatPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fermat prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsFibonacciPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fibonacci prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsMersennePrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known mersenne prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPartitionPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known partition prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPellPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known pell prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPerfect` - Checks whether a given number is a perfect number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known prime number or not.

### Number Facts

* `getNumbersFact` - Get a random fact about a number

### Number Generation

* `getNumbersRandom` - Generate random number(s)

### Number Systems Conversion

* `getNumbersNumeralChinese` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to chinese numeral.
* `getNumbersNumeralEgyptian` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to egyptian numeral.
* `getNumbersNumeralRoman` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to roman numeral.

### Number of the day

* `getNumbersNod` - Get the number of the day for current day

### PI

* `getNumbersPi` - Get digits of pi (π)

### Prime

* `getNumbersPrimeFactors` - Get the prime factors of a given number.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsFermatPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fermat prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsFibonacciPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fibonacci prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsMersennePrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known mersenne prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPartitionPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known partition prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPellPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known pell prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPerfect` - Checks whether a given number is a perfect number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known prime number or not.

### Spell

* `getNumbersCardinal` - Get the cardinal of the given number
* `getNumbersCurrency` - Spells out the number as a currency
* `getNumbersOrdinal` - Get the ordinal of the given number

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
