# openapi/openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### Composer

To install the SDK first add the below to your `composer.json` file:

```json
{
    "repositories": [
        {
            "type": "github",
            "url": "<UNSET>.git"
        }
    ],
    "require": {
        "openapi/openapi": "*"
    }
}
```

Then run the following command:

```bash
composer update
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations


### attempt

* `saveStats` - For worker to set sync stats of a running attempt.
* `saveSyncConfig` - For worker to save the AttemptSyncConfig for an attempt.
* `setWorkflowInAttempt` - For worker to register the workflow id in attempt.

### connection

* `createConnection` - Create a connection between a source and a destination
* `deleteConnection` - Delete a connection
* `getConnection` - Get a connection
* `listAllConnectionsForWorkspace` - Returns all connections for a workspace, including deleted connections.
* `listConnectionsForWorkspace` - Returns all connections for a workspace.
* `resetConnection` - Reset the data for the connection. Deletes data generated by the connection in the destination. Resets any cursors back to initial state.
* `searchConnections` - Search connections
* `syncConnection` - Trigger a manual sync of the connection
* `updateConnection` - Update a connection

### destination

* `checkConnectionToDestination` - Check connection to the destination
* `checkConnectionToDestinationForUpdate` - Check connection for a proposed update to a destination
* `cloneDestination` - Clone destination
* `createDestination` - Create a destination
* `deleteDestination` - Delete the destination
* `getDestination` - Get configured destination
* `listDestinationsForWorkspace` - List configured destinations for a workspace
* `searchDestinations` - Search destinations
* `updateDestination` - Update a destination

### destinationDefinition

* `createCustomDestinationDefinition` - Creates a custom destinationDefinition for the given workspace
* `deleteDestinationDefinition` - Delete a destination definition
* `getDestinationDefinition` - Get destinationDefinition
* `getDestinationDefinitionForWorkspace` - Get a destinationDefinition that is configured for the given workspace
* `grantDestinationDefinitionToWorkspace` - grant a private, non-custom destinationDefinition to a given workspace
* `listDestinationDefinitions` - List all the destinationDefinitions the current Airbyte deployment is configured to use
* `listDestinationDefinitionsForWorkspace` - List all the destinationDefinitions the given workspace is configured to use
* `listLatestDestinationDefinitions` - List the latest destinationDefinitions Airbyte supports
* `listPrivateDestinationDefinitions` - List all private, non-custom destinationDefinitions, and for each indicate whether the given workspace has a grant for using the definition. Used by admins to view and modify a given workspace's grants.
* `revokeDestinationDefinitionFromWorkspace` - revoke a grant to a private, non-custom destinationDefinition from a given workspace
* `updateDestinationDefinition` - Update destinationDefinition

### destinationDefinitionSpecification

* `getDestinationDefinitionSpecification` - Get specification for a destinationDefinition

### destinationOauth

* `completeDestinationOAuth` - Given a destination def ID generate an access/refresh token etc.
* `getDestinationOAuthConsent` - Given a destination connector definition ID, return the URL to the consent screen where to redirect the user to.
* `setInstancewideDestinationOauthParams` - Sets instancewide variables to be used for the oauth flow when creating this destination. When set, these variables will be injected into a connector's configuration before any interaction with the connector image itself. This enables running oauth flows with consistent variables e.g: the company's Google Ads developer_token, client_id, and client_secret without the user having to know about these variables.


### health

* `getHealthCheck` - Health Check

### internal

* `createOrUpdateState` - Create or update the state for a connection.
* `getAttemptNormalizationStatusesForJob` - Get normalization status to determine if we can bypass normalization phase
* `saveStats` - For worker to set sync stats of a running attempt.
* `saveSyncConfig` - For worker to save the AttemptSyncConfig for an attempt.
* `setWorkflowInAttempt` - For worker to register the workflow id in attempt.
* `writeDiscoverCatalogResult` - Should only called from worker, to write result from discover activity back to DB.

### jobs

* `cancelJob` - Cancels a job
* `getAttemptNormalizationStatusesForJob` - Get normalization status to determine if we can bypass normalization phase
* `getJobDebugInfo` - Gets all information needed to debug this job
* `getJobInfo` - Get information about a job
* `getJobInfoLight` - Get information about a job excluding attempt info and logs
* `getLastReplicationJob`
* `listJobsFor` - Returns recent jobs for a connection. Jobs are returned in descending order by createdAt.

### logs

* `getLogs` - Get logs

### notifications

* `tryNotificationConfig` - Try sending a notifications

### openapi

* `getOpenApiSpec` - Returns the openapi specification

### operation

* `checkOperation` - Check if an operation to be created is valid
* `createOperation` - Create an operation to be applied as part of a connection pipeline
* `deleteOperation` - Delete an operation
* `getOperation` - Returns an operation
* `listOperationsForConnection` - Returns all operations for a connection.
* `updateOperation` - Update an operation

### scheduler

* `executeDestinationCheckConnection` - Run check connection for a given destination configuration
* `executeSourceCheckConnection` - Run check connection for a given source configuration
* `executeSourceDiscoverSchema` - Run discover schema for a given source a source configuration

### source

* `checkConnectionToSource` - Check connection to the source
* `checkConnectionToSourceForUpdate` - Check connection for a proposed update to a source
* `cloneSource` - Clone source
* `createSource` - Create a source
* `deleteSource` - Delete a source
* `discoverSchemaForSource` - Discover the schema catalog of the source
* `getMostRecentSourceActorCatalog` - Get most recent ActorCatalog for source
* `getSource` - Get source
* `listSourcesForWorkspace` - List sources for workspace
* `searchSources` - Search sources
* `updateSource` - Update a source
* `writeDiscoverCatalogResult` - Should only called from worker, to write result from discover activity back to DB.

### sourceDefinition

* `createCustomSourceDefinition` - Creates a custom sourceDefinition for the given workspace
* `deleteSourceDefinition` - Delete a source definition
* `getSourceDefinition` - Get source
* `getSourceDefinitionForWorkspace` - Get a sourceDefinition that is configured for the given workspace
* `grantSourceDefinitionToWorkspace` - grant a private, non-custom sourceDefinition to a given workspace
* `listLatestSourceDefinitions` - List the latest sourceDefinitions Airbyte supports
* `listPrivateSourceDefinitions` - List all private, non-custom sourceDefinitions, and for each indicate whether the given workspace has a grant for using the definition. Used by admins to view and modify a given workspace's grants.
* `listSourceDefinitions` - List all the sourceDefinitions the current Airbyte deployment is configured to use
* `listSourceDefinitionsForWorkspace` - List all the sourceDefinitions the given workspace is configured to use
* `revokeSourceDefinitionFromWorkspace` - revoke a grant to a private, non-custom sourceDefinition from a given workspace
* `updateSourceDefinition` - Update a sourceDefinition

### sourceDefinitionSpecification

* `getSourceDefinitionSpecification` - Get specification for a SourceDefinition.

### sourceOauth

* `completeSourceOAuth` - Given a source def ID generate an access/refresh token etc.
* `getSourceOAuthConsent` - Given a source connector definition ID, return the URL to the consent screen where to redirect the user to.
* `setInstancewideSourceOauthParams` - Sets instancewide variables to be used for the oauth flow when creating this source. When set, these variables will be injected into a connector's configuration before any interaction with the connector image itself. This enables running oauth flows with consistent variables e.g: the company's Google Ads developer_token, client_id, and client_secret without the user having to know about these variables.


### state

* `createOrUpdateState` - Create or update the state for a connection.
* `getState` - Fetch the current state for a connection.

### webBackend

* `getStateType` - Fetch the current state type for a connection.
* `webBackendCheckUpdates` - Returns a summary of source and destination definitions that could be updated.
* `webBackendCreateConnection` - Create a connection
* `webBackendGetConnection` - Get a connection
* `webBackendGetWorkspaceState` - Returns the current state of a workspace
* `webBackendListConnectionsForWorkspace` - Returns all non-deleted connections for a workspace.
* `webBackendListGeographies` - Returns available geographies can be selected to run data syncs in a particular geography.
The 'auto' entry indicates that the sync will be automatically assigned to a geography according
to the platform default behavior. Entries other than 'auto' are two-letter country codes that
follow the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 standard.

* `webBackendUpdateConnection` - Update a connection

### workspace

* `createWorkspace` - Creates a workspace
* `deleteWorkspace` - Deletes a workspace
* `getWorkspace` - Find workspace by ID
* `getWorkspaceByConnectionId` - Find workspace by connection id
* `getWorkspaceBySlug` - Find workspace by slug
* `listWorkspaces` - List all workspaces registered in the current Airbyte deployment
* `updateWorkspace` - Update workspace state
* `updateWorkspaceFeedback` - Update workspace feedback state
* `updateWorkspaceName` - Update workspace name
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### Maturity

This SDK is in beta, and there may be breaking changes between versions without a major version update. Therefore, we recommend pinning usage
to a specific package version. This way, you can install the same version each time without breaking changes unless you are intentionally
looking for the latest version.

### Contributions

While we value open-source contributions to this SDK, this library is generated programmatically.
Feel free to open a PR or a Github issue as a proof of concept and we'll do our best to include it in a future release !

### SDK Created by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
