# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory/SDKs/etsi.local/MEC010-2_AppPkgMgmt/2.1.1/go
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "log"
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()

    req := operations.AppDGETRequest{
        PathParams: operations.AppDGETPathParams{
            AppDID: "unde",
        },
        QueryParams: operations.AppDGETQueryParams{
            AllFields: "deserunt",
            ExcludeDefault: "porro",
            ExcludeFields: "nulla",
            Fields: "id",
            Filter: "vero",
        },
    }

    ctx := context.Background()
    res, err := s.AppPkgm.AppDGET(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.Body != nil {
        // handle response
    }
}
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations


### AppPkgm

* `AppDGET` - Reads the content of the AppD of on-boarded individual application package resources.
* `AppDIDGET` - Fetch the onboarded application package content identified by appPkgId or appDId.
* `AppDIDPUT` - Uploads the content of application package.
* `AppPkgGET` - Fetch the onboarded application package content identified by appPkgId or appDId.
* `AppPkgIDGET` - Reads the content of the AppD of on-boarded individual application package resources.
* `AppPkgPUT` - Uploads the content of application package.
* `AppPackageDELETE` - Deletes an individual application package resources
* `AppPackageGET` - Queries the information related to individual application package resources
* `AppPackagePATCH` - Updates the operational state of an individual application package resource
* `AppPackagesGET` - Queries information relating to on-boarded application packages in the MEO
* `AppPackagesPOST` - Create a resource for on-boarding an application package to a MEO
* `IndividualSubscriptionDELETE` - Deletes the individual subscription to notifications about application package changes in MEO.
* `IndividualSubscriptionGET` - Used to represent an individual subscription to notifications about application package changes.
* `SubscriptionsGET` - used to retrieve the information of subscriptions to individual application package resource in MEO
* `SubscriptionsPOST` - Subscribe to notifications about on-boarding an application package

### AppPkgmNotifications

* `AppPkgNotificationPOST` - Registers a notification endpoint to notify application package operations
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
