# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory/SDKs/amazonaws.com/macie/2017-12-19/go
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "log"
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New(
        sdk.WithSecurity(shared.Security{
            Hmac: shared.SchemeHmac{
                APIKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
            },
        }),
    )

    req := operations.AssociateMemberAccountRequest{
        Headers: operations.AssociateMemberAccountHeaders{
            XAmzAlgorithm: "unde",
            XAmzContentSha256: "deserunt",
            XAmzCredential: "porro",
            XAmzDate: "nulla",
            XAmzSecurityToken: "id",
            XAmzSignature: "vero",
            XAmzSignedHeaders: "perspiciatis",
            XAmzTarget: "MacieService.AssociateMemberAccount",
        },
        Request: shared.AssociateMemberAccountRequest{
            MemberAccountID: "nihil",
        },
    }

    ctx := context.Background()
    res, err := s.AssociateMemberAccount(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.StatusCode == http.StatusOK {
        // handle response
    }
}
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `AssociateMemberAccount` - (Discontinued) Associates a specified Amazon Web Services account with Amazon Macie Classic as a member account.
* `AssociateS3Resources` - (Discontinued) Associates specified S3 resources with Amazon Macie Classic for monitoring and data classification. If <code>memberAccountId</code> isn't specified, the action associates specified S3 resources with Macie Classic for the current Macie Classic administrator account. If <code>memberAccountId</code> is specified, the action associates specified S3 resources with Macie Classic for the specified member account.
* `DisassociateMemberAccount` - (Discontinued) Removes the specified member account from Amazon Macie Classic.
* `DisassociateS3Resources` - (Discontinued) Removes specified S3 resources from being monitored by Amazon Macie Classic. If <code>memberAccountId</code> isn't specified, the action removes specified S3 resources from Macie Classic for the current Macie Classic administrator account. If <code>memberAccountId</code> is specified, the action removes specified S3 resources from Macie Classic for the specified member account.
* `ListMemberAccounts` - (Discontinued) Lists all Amazon Macie Classic member accounts for the current Macie Classic administrator account.
* `ListS3Resources` - (Discontinued) Lists all the S3 resources associated with Amazon Macie Classic. If <code>memberAccountId</code> isn't specified, the action lists the S3 resources associated with Macie Classic for the current Macie Classic administrator account. If <code>memberAccountId</code> is specified, the action lists the S3 resources associated with Macie Classic for the specified member account. 
* `UpdateS3Resources` - (Discontinued) Updates the classification types for the specified S3 resources. If <code>memberAccountId</code> isn't specified, the action updates the classification types of the S3 resources associated with Amazon Macie Classic for the current Macie Classic administrator account. If <code>memberAccountId</code> is specified, the action updates the classification types of the S3 resources associated with Macie Classic for the specified member account.
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
