# openapisdk

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### Gradle

```groovy
implementation 'openapisdk:openapisdk:0.0.1'
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```java
package hello.world;

import openapisdk.SDK;
import openapisdk.models.shared.Security;

public class Application {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        try {
            SDK.Builder builder = SDK.builder();

            SDK sdk = builder.build();

            GetDealItemsRequest req = new GetDealItemsRequest() {{
                security = new GetDealItemsSecurity() {{
                    apiAuth = new SchemeApiAuth() {{
                        authorization = "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE";
                    }};
                }};
                queryParams = new GetDealItemsQueryParams() {{
                    categoryIds = "expedita";
                    commissionable = "voluptas";
                    deliveryCountry = "fugit";
                    limit = "et";
                    offset = "nihil";
                }};
                headers = new GetDealItemsHeaders() {{
                    xEBAYCMARKETPLACEID = "rerum";
                }};
            }};

            GetDealItemsResponse res = sdk.dealItem.getDealItems(req);

            if (res.dealItemSearchResponse.isPresent()) {
                // handle response
            }
        } catch (Exception e) {
            // handle exception
        }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### deal_item

* `getDealItems` - This method retrieves a paginated set of deal items. The result set contains all deal items associated with the specified search criteria and marketplace ID. Request headers This method uses the X-EBAY-C-ENDUSERCTX request header to support revenue sharing for eBay Partner Networks and to improve the accuracy of shipping and delivery time estimations. For details see, Request headers in the Buying Integration Guide. Restrictions This method can return a maximum of 10,000 items. For a list of supported sites and other restrictions, see API Restrictions. eBay Partner Network: In order to receive a commission for your sales, you must use the URL returned in the itemAffiliateWebUrl field to forward your buyer to the ebay.com site.

### event

* `getEvent` - This method retrieves the details for an eBay event. The result set contains detailed information associated with the specified event ID, such as applicable coupons, start and end dates, and event terms. Request headers This method uses the X-EBAY-C-ENDUSERCTX request header to support revenue sharing for eBay Partner Networks and to improve the accuracy of shipping and delivery time estimations. For details see, Request headers in the Buying Integration Guide. Restrictions This method can return a maximum of 10,000 items. For a list of supported sites and other restrictions, see API Restrictions. eBay Partner Network: In order to receive a commission for your sales, you must use the URL returned in the itemAffiliateWebUrl field to forward your buyer to the ebay.com site.
* `getEvents` - This method returns paginated results containing all eBay events for the specified marketplace. Request headers This method uses the X-EBAY-C-ENDUSERCTX request header to support revenue sharing for eBay Partner Networks and to improve the accuracy of shipping and delivery time estimations. For details see, Request headers in the Buying Integration Guide. Restrictions This method can return a maximum of 10,000 items. For a list of supported sites and other restrictions, see API Restrictions. eBay Partner Network: In order to receive a commission for your sales, you must use the URL returned in the itemAffiliateWebUrl field to forward your buyer to the ebay.com site.

### event_item

* `getEventItems` - This method returns a paginated set of event items. The result set contains all event items associated with the specified search criteria and marketplace ID. Request headers This method uses the X-EBAY-C-ENDUSERCTX request header to support revenue sharing for eBay Partner Networks and to improve the accuracy of shipping and delivery time estimations. For details see, Request headers in the Buying Integration Guide. Restrictions This method can return a maximum of 10,000 items. For a list of supported sites and other restrictions, see API Restrictions. eBay Partner Network: In order to receive a commission for your sales, you must use the URL returned in the itemAffiliateWebUrl field to forward your buyer to the ebay.com site.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
