# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```typescript
import { SDK, withSecurity} from "openapi";
import { DomainsrdapAutnumGetRequest, DomainsrdapAutnumGetResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: DomainsrdapAutnumGetRequest = {
  pathParams: {
    autnumId: "sit",
  },
  queryParams: {
    dollarXgafv: "1",
    accessToken: "culpa",
    alt: "media",
    callback: "consequuntur",
    fields: "dolor",
    key: "expedita",
    oauthToken: "voluptas",
    prettyPrint: true,
    quotaUser: "et",
    uploadType: "nihil",
    uploadProtocol: "rerum",
  },
};

sdk.autnum.domainsrdapAutnumGet(req).then((res: DomainsrdapAutnumGetResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### autnum

* `domainsrdapAutnumGet` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

### domain

* `domainsrdapDomainGet` - Look up RDAP information for a domain by name.

### entity

* `domainsrdapEntityGet` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

### ip

* `domainsrdapIpGet` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

### nameserver

* `domainsrdapNameserverGet` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

### v1

* `domainsrdapGetDomains` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.
* `domainsrdapGetEntities` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.
* `domainsrdapGetHelp` - Get help information for the RDAP API, including links to documentation.
* `domainsrdapGetIp` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.
* `domainsrdapGetNameservers` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
