# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.GetDomainRequest(
    path_params=operations.GetDomainPathParams(
        domain_id="adipisci",
    ),
    headers=operations.GetDomainHeaders(
        training_key="corrupti",
    ),
)
    
res = s.domains_api.get_domain(req)

if res.domain is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### DomainsApi

* `get_domain` - Get information about a specific domain.
* `get_domains` - Get a list of the available domains.

### ImageApi

* `create_images_from_data` - Add the provided images to the set of training images.
* `delete_image_regions` - Delete a set of image regions.
* `delete_image_tags` - Remove a set of tags from a set of images.
* `delete_images` - Delete images from the set of training images.
* `get_images_by_ids` - Get images by id for a given project iteration.
* `get_tagged_image_count` - Gets the number of images tagged with the provided {tagIds}.
* `get_tagged_images` - Get tagged images for a given project iteration.
* `get_untagged_image_count` - Gets the number of untagged images.
* `get_untagged_images` - Get untagged images for a given project iteration.
* `query_suggested_image_count` - Get count of images whose suggested tags match given tags and their probabilities are greater than or equal to the given threshold. Returns count as 0 if none found.
* `query_suggested_images` - Get untagged images whose suggested tags match given tags. Returns empty array if no images are found.

### ImageRegionProposalApi

* `get_image_region_proposals` - Get region proposals for an image. Returns empty array if no proposals are found.

### PredictionsApi

* `delete_prediction` - Delete a set of predicted images and their associated prediction results.
* `quick_test_image` - Quick test an image.
* `quick_test_image_url` - Quick test an image url.

### ProjectApi

* `create_project` - Create a project.
* `delete_iteration` - Delete a specific iteration of a project.
* `delete_project` - Delete a specific project.
* `export_iteration` - Export a trained iteration.
* `get_exports` - Get the list of exports for a specific iteration.
* `get_image_performance_count` - Gets the number of images tagged with the provided {tagIds} that have prediction results from
training for the provided iteration {iterationId}.
* `get_image_performances` - Get image with its prediction for a given project iteration.
* `get_iteration` - Get a specific iteration.
* `get_iteration_performance` - Get detailed performance information about an iteration.
* `get_iterations` - Get iterations for the project.
* `get_project` - Get a specific project.
* `get_projects` - Get your projects.
* `publish_iteration` - Publish a specific iteration.
* `train_project` - Queues project for training.
* `unpublish_iteration` - Unpublish a specific iteration.
* `update_iteration` - Update a specific iteration.
* `update_project` - Update a specific project.

### SuggestTagsAndRegionsApi

* `suggest_tags_and_regions` - Suggest tags and regions for an array/batch of untagged images. Returns empty array if no tags are found.

### TagsApi

* `create_tag` - Create a tag for the project.
* `delete_tag` - Delete a tag from the project.
* `get_tag` - Get information about a specific tag.
* `get_tags` - Get the tags for a given project and iteration.
* `update_tag` - Update a tag.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
