# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory/SDKs/amazonaws.com/ssm-sap/2018-05-10/go
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "log"
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New(
        sdk.WithSecurity(shared.Security{
            Hmac: shared.SchemeHmac{
                APIKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
            },
        }),
    )

    req := operations.DeleteResourcePermissionRequest{
        Headers: operations.DeleteResourcePermissionHeaders{
            XAmzAlgorithm: "unde",
            XAmzContentSha256: "deserunt",
            XAmzCredential: "porro",
            XAmzDate: "nulla",
            XAmzSecurityToken: "id",
            XAmzSignature: "vero",
            XAmzSignedHeaders: "perspiciatis",
        },
        Request: operations.DeleteResourcePermissionRequestBody{
            ActionType: "RESTORE",
            ResourceArn: "nihil",
            SourceResourceArn: "fuga",
        },
    }

    ctx := context.Background()
    res, err := s.DeleteResourcePermission(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.DeleteResourcePermissionOutput != nil {
        // handle response
    }
}
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `DeleteResourcePermission` - Removes permissions associated with the target database.
* `DeregisterApplication` - Deregister an SAP application with AWS Systems Manager for SAP. This action does not aﬀect the existing setup of your SAP workloads on Amazon EC2.
* `GetApplication` - Gets an application registered with AWS Systems Manager for SAP. It also returns the components of the application.
* `GetComponent` - Gets the component of an application registered with AWS Systems Manager for SAP.
* `GetDatabase` - Gets the SAP HANA database of an application registered with AWS Systems Manager for SAP.
* `GetOperation` - Gets the details of an operation by specifying the operation ID.
* `GetResourcePermission` - Gets permissions associated with the target database.
* `ListApplications` - Lists all the applications registered with AWS Systems Manager for SAP.
* `ListComponents` - Lists all the components registered with AWS Systems Manager for SAP.
* `ListDatabases` - Lists the SAP HANA databases of an application registered with AWS Systems Manager for SAP.
* `ListOperations` - Lists the operations performed by AWS Systems Manager for SAP.
* `ListTagsForResource` - Lists all tags on an SAP HANA application and/or database registered with AWS Systems Manager for SAP.
* `PutResourcePermission` - Adds permissions to the target database.
* `RegisterApplication` - <p>Register an SAP application with AWS Systems Manager for SAP. You must meet the following requirements before registering. </p> <p>The SAP application you want to register with AWS Systems Manager for SAP is running on Amazon EC2.</p> <p>AWS Systems Manager Agent must be setup on an Amazon EC2 instance along with the required IAM permissions.</p> <p>Amazon EC2 instance(s) must have access to the secrets created in AWS Secrets Manager to manage SAP applications and components.</p>
* `TagResource` - Creates tag for a resource by specifying the ARN.
* `UntagResource` - Delete the tags for a resource.
* `UpdateApplicationSettings` - Updates the settings of an application registered with AWS Systems Manager for SAP.
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
