# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory/SDKs/amazonaws.com/accessanalyzer/2019-11-01/go
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```go
package main

import(
	"context"
	"log"
	"openapi"
	"openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New(
        sdk.WithSecurity(shared.Security{
            Hmac: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
        }),
    )

    ctx := context.Background()
    res, err := s.ApplyArchiveRule(ctx, operations.ApplyArchiveRuleRequest{
        RequestBody: operations.ApplyArchiveRuleRequestBody{
            AnalyzerArn: "corrupti",
            ClientToken: sdk.String("provident"),
            RuleName: "distinctio",
        },
        XAmzAlgorithm: sdk.String("quibusdam"),
        XAmzContentSha256: sdk.String("unde"),
        XAmzCredential: sdk.String("nulla"),
        XAmzDate: sdk.String("corrupti"),
        XAmzSecurityToken: sdk.String("illum"),
        XAmzSignature: sdk.String("vel"),
        XAmzSignedHeaders: sdk.String("error"),
    })
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.StatusCode == http.StatusOK {
        // handle response
    }
}
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## Available Resources and Operations

### [SDK](docs/sdk/README.md)

* [ApplyArchiveRule](docs/sdk/README.md#applyarchiverule) - Retroactively applies the archive rule to existing findings that meet the archive rule criteria.
* [CancelPolicyGeneration](docs/sdk/README.md#cancelpolicygeneration) - Cancels the requested policy generation.
* [CreateAccessPreview](docs/sdk/README.md#createaccesspreview) - Creates an access preview that allows you to preview IAM Access Analyzer findings for your resource before deploying resource permissions.
* [CreateAnalyzer](docs/sdk/README.md#createanalyzer) - Creates an analyzer for your account.
* [CreateArchiveRule](docs/sdk/README.md#createarchiverule) - <p>Creates an archive rule for the specified analyzer. Archive rules automatically archive new findings that meet the criteria you define when you create the rule.</p> <p>To learn about filter keys that you can use to create an archive rule, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access-analyzer-reference-filter-keys.html">IAM Access Analyzer filter keys</a> in the <b>IAM User Guide</b>.</p>
* [DeleteAnalyzer](docs/sdk/README.md#deleteanalyzer) - Deletes the specified analyzer. When you delete an analyzer, IAM Access Analyzer is disabled for the account or organization in the current or specific Region. All findings that were generated by the analyzer are deleted. You cannot undo this action.
* [DeleteArchiveRule](docs/sdk/README.md#deletearchiverule) - Deletes the specified archive rule.
* [GetAccessPreview](docs/sdk/README.md#getaccesspreview) - Retrieves information about an access preview for the specified analyzer.
* [GetAnalyzedResource](docs/sdk/README.md#getanalyzedresource) - Retrieves information about a resource that was analyzed.
* [GetAnalyzer](docs/sdk/README.md#getanalyzer) - Retrieves information about the specified analyzer.
* [GetArchiveRule](docs/sdk/README.md#getarchiverule) - <p>Retrieves information about an archive rule.</p> <p>To learn about filter keys that you can use to create an archive rule, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access-analyzer-reference-filter-keys.html">IAM Access Analyzer filter keys</a> in the <b>IAM User Guide</b>.</p>
* [GetFinding](docs/sdk/README.md#getfinding) - Retrieves information about the specified finding.
* [GetGeneratedPolicy](docs/sdk/README.md#getgeneratedpolicy) - Retrieves the policy that was generated using <code>StartPolicyGeneration</code>. 
* [ListAccessPreviewFindings](docs/sdk/README.md#listaccesspreviewfindings) - Retrieves a list of access preview findings generated by the specified access preview.
* [ListAccessPreviews](docs/sdk/README.md#listaccesspreviews) - Retrieves a list of access previews for the specified analyzer.
* [ListAnalyzedResources](docs/sdk/README.md#listanalyzedresources) - Retrieves a list of resources of the specified type that have been analyzed by the specified analyzer..
* [ListAnalyzers](docs/sdk/README.md#listanalyzers) - Retrieves a list of analyzers.
* [ListArchiveRules](docs/sdk/README.md#listarchiverules) - Retrieves a list of archive rules created for the specified analyzer.
* [ListFindings](docs/sdk/README.md#listfindings) - <p>Retrieves a list of findings generated by the specified analyzer.</p> <p>To learn about filter keys that you can use to retrieve a list of findings, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access-analyzer-reference-filter-keys.html">IAM Access Analyzer filter keys</a> in the <b>IAM User Guide</b>.</p>
* [ListPolicyGenerations](docs/sdk/README.md#listpolicygenerations) - Lists all of the policy generations requested in the last seven days.
* [ListTagsForResource](docs/sdk/README.md#listtagsforresource) - Retrieves a list of tags applied to the specified resource.
* [StartPolicyGeneration](docs/sdk/README.md#startpolicygeneration) - Starts the policy generation request.
* [StartResourceScan](docs/sdk/README.md#startresourcescan) - Immediately starts a scan of the policies applied to the specified resource.
* [TagResource](docs/sdk/README.md#tagresource) - Adds a tag to the specified resource.
* [UntagResource](docs/sdk/README.md#untagresource) - Removes a tag from the specified resource.
* [UpdateArchiveRule](docs/sdk/README.md#updatearchiverule) - Updates the criteria and values for the specified archive rule.
* [UpdateFindings](docs/sdk/README.md#updatefindings) - Updates the status for the specified findings.
* [ValidatePolicy](docs/sdk/README.md#validatepolicy) - Requests the validation of a policy and returns a list of findings. The findings help you identify issues and provide actionable recommendations to resolve the issue and enable you to author functional policies that meet security best practices. 
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### Maturity

This SDK is in beta and therefore, we recommend pinning usage to a specific package version.
This way, you can install the same version each time without breaking changes unless you are intentionally
looking for the latest version.

### Contributions

While we value open-source contributions to this SDK, this library is generated and maintained programmatically.
Feel free to open a PR or a Github issue as a proof of concept and we'll do our best to include it in a future release !

### SDK Created by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
