# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory/SDKs/airbyte.local/config/1.0.0/go
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "log"
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()

    req := operations.SaveStatsRequest{
        Request: shared.SaveStatsRequestBody{
            AttemptNumber: 548814,
            JobID: 592845,
            Stats: shared.AttemptStats{
                BytesEmitted: 715190,
                EstimatedBytes: 844266,
                EstimatedRecords: 602763,
                RecordsCommitted: 857946,
                RecordsEmitted: 544883,
                StateMessagesEmitted: 847252,
            },
            StreamStats: []shared.AttemptStreamStats{
                shared.AttemptStreamStats{
                    Stats: shared.AttemptStats{
                        BytesEmitted: 623564,
                        EstimatedBytes: 645894,
                        EstimatedRecords: 384382,
                        RecordsCommitted: 437587,
                        RecordsEmitted: 297534,
                        StateMessagesEmitted: 891773,
                    },
                    StreamName: "ipsa",
                    StreamNamespace: "delectus",
                },
                shared.AttemptStreamStats{
                    Stats: shared.AttemptStats{
                        BytesEmitted: 272656,
                        EstimatedBytes: 383441,
                        EstimatedRecords: 477665,
                        RecordsCommitted: 791725,
                        RecordsEmitted: 812169,
                        StateMessagesEmitted: 528895,
                    },
                    StreamName: "iusto",
                    StreamNamespace: "excepturi",
                },
            },
        },
    }

    ctx := context.Background()
    res, err := s.Attempt.SaveStats(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.InternalOperationResult != nil {
        // handle response
    }
}
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations


### Attempt

* `SaveStats` - For worker to set sync stats of a running attempt.
* `SaveSyncConfig` - For worker to save the AttemptSyncConfig for an attempt.
* `SetWorkflowInAttempt` - For worker to register the workflow id in attempt.

### Connection

* `CreateConnection` - Create a connection between a source and a destination
* `DeleteConnection` - Delete a connection
* `GetConnection` - Get a connection
* `ListAllConnectionsForWorkspace` - Returns all connections for a workspace, including deleted connections.
* `ListConnectionsForWorkspace` - Returns all connections for a workspace.
* `ResetConnection` - Reset the data for the connection. Deletes data generated by the connection in the destination. Resets any cursors back to initial state.
* `SearchConnections` - Search connections
* `SyncConnection` - Trigger a manual sync of the connection
* `UpdateConnection` - Update a connection

### Destination

* `CheckConnectionToDestination` - Check connection to the destination
* `CheckConnectionToDestinationForUpdate` - Check connection for a proposed update to a destination
* `CloneDestination` - Clone destination
* `CreateDestination` - Create a destination
* `DeleteDestination` - Delete the destination
* `GetDestination` - Get configured destination
* `ListDestinationsForWorkspace` - List configured destinations for a workspace
* `SearchDestinations` - Search destinations
* `UpdateDestination` - Update a destination

### DestinationDefinition

* `CreateCustomDestinationDefinition` - Creates a custom destinationDefinition for the given workspace
* `DeleteDestinationDefinition` - Delete a destination definition
* `GetDestinationDefinition` - Get destinationDefinition
* `GetDestinationDefinitionForWorkspace` - Get a destinationDefinition that is configured for the given workspace
* `GrantDestinationDefinitionToWorkspace` - grant a private, non-custom destinationDefinition to a given workspace
* `ListDestinationDefinitions` - List all the destinationDefinitions the current Airbyte deployment is configured to use
* `ListDestinationDefinitionsForWorkspace` - List all the destinationDefinitions the given workspace is configured to use
* `ListLatestDestinationDefinitions` - List the latest destinationDefinitions Airbyte supports
* `ListPrivateDestinationDefinitions` - List all private, non-custom destinationDefinitions, and for each indicate whether the given workspace has a grant for using the definition. Used by admins to view and modify a given workspace's grants.
* `RevokeDestinationDefinitionFromWorkspace` - revoke a grant to a private, non-custom destinationDefinition from a given workspace
* `UpdateDestinationDefinition` - Update destinationDefinition

### DestinationDefinitionSpecification

* `GetDestinationDefinitionSpecification` - Get specification for a destinationDefinition

### DestinationOauth

* `CompleteDestinationOAuth` - Given a destination def ID generate an access/refresh token etc.
* `GetDestinationOAuthConsent` - Given a destination connector definition ID, return the URL to the consent screen where to redirect the user to.
* `SetInstancewideDestinationOauthParams` - Sets instancewide variables to be used for the oauth flow when creating this destination. When set, these variables will be injected into a connector's configuration before any interaction with the connector image itself. This enables running oauth flows with consistent variables e.g: the company's Google Ads developer_token, client_id, and client_secret without the user having to know about these variables.


### Health

* `GetHealthCheck` - Health Check

### Internal

* `CreateOrUpdateState` - Create or update the state for a connection.
* `GetAttemptNormalizationStatusesForJob` - Get normalization status to determine if we can bypass normalization phase
* `SaveStats` - For worker to set sync stats of a running attempt.
* `SaveSyncConfig` - For worker to save the AttemptSyncConfig for an attempt.
* `SetWorkflowInAttempt` - For worker to register the workflow id in attempt.
* `WriteDiscoverCatalogResult` - Should only called from worker, to write result from discover activity back to DB.

### Jobs

* `CancelJob` - Cancels a job
* `GetAttemptNormalizationStatusesForJob` - Get normalization status to determine if we can bypass normalization phase
* `GetJobDebugInfo` - Gets all information needed to debug this job
* `GetJobInfo` - Get information about a job
* `GetJobInfoLight` - Get information about a job excluding attempt info and logs
* `GetLastReplicationJob`
* `ListJobsFor` - Returns recent jobs for a connection. Jobs are returned in descending order by createdAt.

### Logs

* `GetLogs` - Get logs

### Notifications

* `TryNotificationConfig` - Try sending a notifications

### Openapi

* `GetOpenAPISpec` - Returns the openapi specification

### Operation

* `CheckOperation` - Check if an operation to be created is valid
* `CreateOperation` - Create an operation to be applied as part of a connection pipeline
* `DeleteOperation` - Delete an operation
* `GetOperation` - Returns an operation
* `ListOperationsForConnection` - Returns all operations for a connection.
* `UpdateOperation` - Update an operation

### Scheduler

* `ExecuteDestinationCheckConnection` - Run check connection for a given destination configuration
* `ExecuteSourceCheckConnection` - Run check connection for a given source configuration
* `ExecuteSourceDiscoverSchema` - Run discover schema for a given source a source configuration

### Source

* `CheckConnectionToSource` - Check connection to the source
* `CheckConnectionToSourceForUpdate` - Check connection for a proposed update to a source
* `CloneSource` - Clone source
* `CreateSource` - Create a source
* `DeleteSource` - Delete a source
* `DiscoverSchemaForSource` - Discover the schema catalog of the source
* `GetMostRecentSourceActorCatalog` - Get most recent ActorCatalog for source
* `GetSource` - Get source
* `ListSourcesForWorkspace` - List sources for workspace
* `SearchSources` - Search sources
* `UpdateSource` - Update a source
* `WriteDiscoverCatalogResult` - Should only called from worker, to write result from discover activity back to DB.

### SourceDefinition

* `CreateCustomSourceDefinition` - Creates a custom sourceDefinition for the given workspace
* `DeleteSourceDefinition` - Delete a source definition
* `GetSourceDefinition` - Get source
* `GetSourceDefinitionForWorkspace` - Get a sourceDefinition that is configured for the given workspace
* `GrantSourceDefinitionToWorkspace` - grant a private, non-custom sourceDefinition to a given workspace
* `ListLatestSourceDefinitions` - List the latest sourceDefinitions Airbyte supports
* `ListPrivateSourceDefinitions` - List all private, non-custom sourceDefinitions, and for each indicate whether the given workspace has a grant for using the definition. Used by admins to view and modify a given workspace's grants.
* `ListSourceDefinitions` - List all the sourceDefinitions the current Airbyte deployment is configured to use
* `ListSourceDefinitionsForWorkspace` - List all the sourceDefinitions the given workspace is configured to use
* `RevokeSourceDefinitionFromWorkspace` - revoke a grant to a private, non-custom sourceDefinition from a given workspace
* `UpdateSourceDefinition` - Update a sourceDefinition

### SourceDefinitionSpecification

* `GetSourceDefinitionSpecification` - Get specification for a SourceDefinition.

### SourceOauth

* `CompleteSourceOAuth` - Given a source def ID generate an access/refresh token etc.
* `GetSourceOAuthConsent` - Given a source connector definition ID, return the URL to the consent screen where to redirect the user to.
* `SetInstancewideSourceOauthParams` - Sets instancewide variables to be used for the oauth flow when creating this source. When set, these variables will be injected into a connector's configuration before any interaction with the connector image itself. This enables running oauth flows with consistent variables e.g: the company's Google Ads developer_token, client_id, and client_secret without the user having to know about these variables.


### State

* `CreateOrUpdateState` - Create or update the state for a connection.
* `GetState` - Fetch the current state for a connection.

### WebBackend

* `GetStateType` - Fetch the current state type for a connection.
* `WebBackendCheckUpdates` - Returns a summary of source and destination definitions that could be updated.
* `WebBackendCreateConnection` - Create a connection
* `WebBackendGetConnection` - Get a connection
* `WebBackendGetWorkspaceState` - Returns the current state of a workspace
* `WebBackendListConnectionsForWorkspace` - Returns all non-deleted connections for a workspace.
* `WebBackendListGeographies` - Returns available geographies can be selected to run data syncs in a particular geography.
The 'auto' entry indicates that the sync will be automatically assigned to a geography according
to the platform default behavior. Entries other than 'auto' are two-letter country codes that
follow the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 standard.

* `WebBackendUpdateConnection` - Update a connection

### Workspace

* `CreateWorkspace` - Creates a workspace
* `DeleteWorkspace` - Deletes a workspace
* `GetWorkspace` - Find workspace by ID
* `GetWorkspaceByConnectionID` - Find workspace by connection id
* `GetWorkspaceBySlug` - Find workspace by slug
* `ListWorkspaces` - List all workspaces registered in the current Airbyte deployment
* `UpdateWorkspace` - Update workspace state
* `UpdateWorkspaceFeedback` - Update workspace feedback state
* `UpdateWorkspaceName` - Update workspace name
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
