# openapisdk

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### Gradle

```groovy
implementation 'openapisdk:openapisdk:0.0.1'
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```java
package hello.world;

import openapisdk.SDK;
import openapisdk.models.shared.Security;

public class Application {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        try {
            SDK.Builder builder = SDK.builder();

            builder.setSecurity(
                new Security() {{
                    apimKey = new SchemeApimKey() {{
                        apiKey = "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE";
                    }};
                }}
            );

            SDK sdk = builder.build();

            GetDomainRequest req = new GetDomainRequest() {{
                pathParams = new GetDomainPathParams() {{
                    domainId = "ducimus";
                }};
            }};

            GetDomainResponse res = sdk.domainsApi.getDomain(req);

            if (res.domain.isPresent()) {
                // handle response
            }
        } catch (Exception e) {
            // handle exception
        }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### DomainsApi

* `getDomain` - Get information about a specific domain.
* `getDomains` - Get a list of the available domains.

### ImageApi

* `createImagesFromData` - Add the provided images to the set of training images.
* `deleteImageRegions` - Delete a set of image regions.
* `deleteImageTags` - Remove a set of tags from a set of images.
* `deleteImages` - Delete images from the set of training images.
* `getImagesByIds` - Get images by id for a given project iteration.
* `getTaggedImageCount` - Gets the number of images tagged with the provided {tagIds}.
* `getTaggedImages` - Get tagged images for a given project iteration.
* `getUntaggedImageCount` - Gets the number of untagged images.
* `getUntaggedImages` - Get untagged images for a given project iteration.
* `querySuggestedImageCount` - Get count of images whose suggested tags match given tags and their probabilities are greater than or equal to the given threshold. Returns count as 0 if none found.
* `querySuggestedImages` - Get untagged images whose suggested tags match given tags. Returns empty array if no images are found.

### ImageRegionProposalApi

* `getImageRegionProposals` - Get region proposals for an image. Returns empty array if no proposals are found.

### PredictionsApi

* `deletePrediction` - Delete a set of predicted images and their associated prediction results.
* `quickTestImage` - Quick test an image.
* `quickTestImageUrl` - Quick test an image url.

### ProjectApi

* `createProject` - Create a project.
* `deleteIteration` - Delete a specific iteration of a project.
* `deleteProject` - Delete a specific project.
* `exportIteration` - Export a trained iteration.
* `exportProject` - Exports a project.
* `getExports` - Get the list of exports for a specific iteration.
* `getImagePerformanceCount` - Gets the number of images tagged with the provided {tagIds} that have prediction results from
training for the provided iteration {iterationId}.
* `getImagePerformances` - Get image with its prediction for a given project iteration.
* `getIteration` - Get a specific iteration.
* `getIterationPerformance` - Get detailed performance information about an iteration.
* `getIterations` - Get iterations for the project.
* `getProject` - Get a specific project.
* `getProjects` - Get your projects.
* `importProject` - Imports a project.
* `publishIteration` - Publish a specific iteration.
* `trainProject` - Queues project for training.
* `unpublishIteration` - Unpublish a specific iteration.
* `updateIteration` - Update a specific iteration.
* `updateProject` - Update a specific project.

### SuggestTagsAndRegionsApi

* `suggestTagsAndRegions` - Suggest tags and regions for an array/batch of untagged images. Returns empty array if no tags are found.

### TagsApi

* `createTag` - Create a tag for the project.
* `deleteTag` - Delete a tag from the project.
* `getTag` - Get information about a specific tag.
* `getTags` - Get the tags for a given project and iteration.
* `updateTag` - Update a tag.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
