# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get github.com/speakeasy-api/openapi-directory/SDKs/googleapis.com/assuredworkloads/v1/go
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

## SDK Example Usage
<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "log"
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()

    req := operations.AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsOperationsListRequest{
        Security: operations.AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsOperationsListSecurity{
            Oauth2: shared.SchemeOauth2{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            },
            Oauth2c: shared.SchemeOauth2c{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            },
        },
        PathParams: operations.AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsOperationsListPathParams{
            Name: "corrupti",
        },
        QueryParams: operations.AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsOperationsListQueryParams{
            DollarXgafv: "2",
            AccessToken: "distinctio",
            Alt: "proto",
            Callback: "unde",
            Fields: "nulla",
            Filter: "corrupti",
            Key: "illum",
            OauthToken: "vel",
            PageSize: 623564,
            PageToken: "deserunt",
            PrettyPrint: false,
            QuotaUser: "suscipit",
            UploadType: "iure",
            UploadProtocol: "magnam",
        },
    }

    ctx := context.Background()
    res, err := s.Organizations.AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsOperationsList(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.GoogleLongrunningListOperationsResponse != nil {
        // handle response
    }
}
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations


### Organizations

* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsOperationsList` - Lists operations that match the specified filter in the request. If the server doesn't support this method, it returns `UNIMPLEMENTED`.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsCreate` - Creates Assured Workload.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsDelete` - Deletes the workload. Make sure that workload's direct children are already in a deleted state, otherwise the request will fail with a FAILED_PRECONDITION error.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsList` - Lists Assured Workloads under a CRM Node.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsMutatePartnerPermissions` - Update the permissions settings for an existing partner workload. For force updates don't set etag field in the Workload. Only one update operation per workload can be in progress.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsPatch` - Updates an existing workload. Currently allows updating of workload display_name and labels. For force updates don't set etag field in the Workload. Only one update operation per workload can be in progress.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsRestrictAllowedResources` - Restrict the list of resources allowed in the Workload environment. The current list of allowed products can be found at https://cloud.google.com/assured-workloads/docs/supported-products In addition to assuredworkloads.workload.update permission, the user should also have orgpolicy.policy.set permission on the folder resource to use this functionality.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsViolationsAcknowledge` - Acknowledges an existing violation. By acknowledging a violation, users acknowledge the existence of a compliance violation in their workload and decide to ignore it due to a valid business justification. Acknowledgement is a permanent operation and it cannot be reverted.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsViolationsGet` - Retrieves Assured Workload Violation based on ID.
* `AssuredworkloadsOrganizationsLocationsWorkloadsViolationsList` - Lists the Violations in the AssuredWorkload Environment. Callers may also choose to read across multiple Workloads as per [AIP-159](https://google.aip.dev/159) by using '-' (the hyphen or dash character) as a wildcard character instead of workload-id in the parent. Format `organizations/{org_id}/locations/{location}/workloads/-`
<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
